[Music]
13 car hacks that will save your trip
the average American spends at least 90
minutes a day behind the wheel that's
definitely a lot so why not spend this
time in comfort and ease there are so
many simple yet useful tricks that can
turn your mundane commute into a
pleasant journey and here are 15 of the
best before we get this show on the road
go ahead and hit that red subscribe
button while you're at it give the
notification bellow ring so that you
don't miss any of the daily updates on
the bright side of life 13 a pin on the
map will help you find your parked car
ah forgot where I parked my car ever
uttered these words to yourself of
course you have haven't we all it can be
especially difficult to find your car
when it's in a huge parking lot or you
parked in a multi-level garage it's even
tougher at night and yeah we all forget
to check the row or level we parked on
well it's no longer a problem if you use
this handy little trick simply drop a
pin with the location of your car on
your mobile map in this case Google Maps
will eagerly help you locate your
vehicle in no time
[Music]
- well use a cereal container as a
trashcan you probably know how
inconvenient it can be to have to
constantly stop and throw away some
trash out of your car or if you don't
make these stuffs garbage just keeps
piling up all over the inside of your
vehicle fortunately you don't have to
choose between these two options take an
empty cereal container put a trash bag
inside and voila you now have an ideal
no spill trashcan for all your empty
wrappers and cups plus you don't have to
worry about it spilling if you turn or
break too abruptly 11 a roll of duct
tape as a cup holder your car is most
likely equipped with a perfectly useful
cup holder but what if you have one
beverage too many instead of squeezing
it between your thighs and risking a
really embarrassing accident you can put
a roll of duct tape on the passenger
seat to place your drink inside plus
you'll always have the universally handy
duct tape within reach wherever you need
it 10 a tackle box makes a great snack
what could be better than having your
own personal snack supply on the road if
you like variety but can't stand taking
a bunch of different packages that you
have to pull over just to open safely
then here's your perfect solution take a
tackle box raid a grocery store or your
kitchen and assemble a nice little kit
of your favorite snacks no fuss no mess
and no more stopping at convenience
stores just to ease your cravings to get
you started on your snack pack here are
some suggestions of what to fill away
pretzels chopped nuts cheesy popcorn
M&Ms crackers dried fruit or berries
granola raisins potato chips cookies mmm
I think I'll get started on making mine
right about now oh wait we still have
lots more car hacks and tips to go 9
don't forget about a two port USB
charger deciding who gets to charge
their phone or tablet on the road
usually turns into a battle of who's on
a lower percentage or who has a more
important call or text they're waiting
for skip the drama and make use of a two
port USB car charger and if you can't go
anywhere without your multiple gadgets
and gizmos opt for a multi port USB
charger it's also handy when you're
traveling with a big group of friends
eight keep an emergency kit in your car
it's always a good idea to keep
emergency essentials in your car
especially if you're going on a long
road trip this way you won't end up
stranded on the side of the road without
any supplies the most important thing
your emergency kit should have inside
include a flashlight and some spare
batteries road flares jumper cables a
tool kit a first-aid kit with band-aids
antiseptic antibiotic ointment bug spray
tweezers cotton balls gauze pads bandage
wrap and aspirin your vehicle's owner's
manual in case you have to repair your
car on your own a fire extinguisher
they make small ones that are easy to
store rain ponchos that will protect you
in bad weather a reflective safety vest
a warm blanket comfortable shoes or
sneakers a roll of toilet paper
laughs now but that they might come when
you'll be happy you follow this tent a
gallon or two of water pack a fresh one
for long road trips some extra stuff you
may want to keep in your car includes an
ice scraper hat litter it's you're
replaceable when you get stuck in the
mud and a small battery-powered fan now
you're all ready for anything that might
come your way seven a shoe organizer as
a holder
if you're sick and tired of the chaos
that's invaded your car just use a shoe
organizer to make your space neat and
tidy hang it on the back of the driver
or passenger seat and stock it up with
all the items you need on a trip it'll
allow you easy access to maps music
books kids toys and snacks six
don't forget your inflatable mattress
for especially long road trips or maybe
a situation when you're way too tired to
be behind the wheel you might decide to
get some sleep in your car whatever it
might be keep a blow-up mattress in your
trunk just in case
simply put it in the back seat inflate
it and there you go they even make
special inflatable mattresses that fit
cars perfectly five take an atlas
you know what the downside of being
dependent on electronics is they don't
always work what will you do if your GPS
or phone suddenly dies and you don't
have a charger with you that's why you
should always keep a road atlas in your
car it'll come in handy when everything
else is of no use
[Music]
for a rubber band as a phone holder if
you haven't gotten a phone holder yet
you can use a rubber band or a hair tie
just loop it through a vent in your
car's heating and air conditioning
system and use it to hold your phone in
place this way you'll always be able to
see the screen when following directions
[Music]
three go to a fast-food restaurant if
you get lost let's say you got lost your
phone's dead and you forgot to take your
road map or you're trying to find a
certain place in an unfamiliar town well
you can always go old school and ask for
directions and there's no better place
to ask than a fast-food restaurant or a
gas station these two places see so many
drivers all day every day a lot of whom
probably ask for directions so the staff
will most likely have the answer to your
question as well two floor mats will
help you if you get stuck
tons of people have probably heard of
the kitty litter technique for when you
get stuck in the mutter snow but not all
of us think to keep cat litter in our
car for this purpose so in that case you
can also use your floor mats just place
them under the back wheels to increase
traction this method works just as well
when it comes to getting your car
unstuck one breathe fresh air with the
help of a button there's a special
button on the dashboard of your car that
takes care of the air you breathe it's
called the cars recirculation button
surprisingly not a lot of people know
exactly what this little image means
even though they do switch it on from
time to time if you're stopped in
traffic you can push this button to keep
the dirty and polluted air around your
car from getting inside it'll
recirculate the cleanest air that's
already in your car which of these road
hacks have you ever used do you know any
other tricks that can make your drive
more pleasant let us know down in the
comments if you're gonna use at least
one of these tips then remember to give
the video a thumbs up and share it with
your friends remember to subscribe to
our Channel where life is much more fun
on the bright side
you